As you know I am Raman Kumar
All India President Consumer Protection
Cell.  Today I am going to discuss with you such a case
that after hearing it, the
entire public of India will say that ICICI
General Insurance Company should be banned in India
and no person should get
insurance from this company.
Mr. Vikas Verma is sitting with me.
Hello Vikas ji.
Hello.
His wife's name is Tamanna Verma and
she has a truck in her name.  What is the number
of your truck?
HR 55 AQ7
Yes, this truck was burnt to ashes in Kanpur.   The
entire truck was burnt.  It was the first insurance
policy.  The policy was from 2023 to 2024.
This truck was destroyed in April before the policy ended in the first year.
He immediately informed the insurance company
that our car had caught fire.
Mr. Goswami, the insurance company conducted a survey in Kanpur.
He submitted his report to the insurance company
within a few days.  He
remained in constant touch with the insurance company and
brought his car from Kanpur to Delhi.
Since these people live in Delhi,
their office is near the Delhi border, so
they parked their car there and
then they asked the insurance company to
conduct a final survey in it so that
my claim can be finalized, then they got a call from Subhash
Singh of IC General Insurance Company from Delhi
whose number is written below
and they
called them and said that your car has been burnt to ashes.
This vehicle is a case of toto loss.
And the ID of his car i.e. the
insurance value was Rs 53 lakh.  It was a new car and I
bought it for a higher price.  The insurance was worth Rs 53
lakh.  I told him that if we take a little less
money then we can give you the claim quickly.
He said, why do you want to take less money
?  Since my car has burnt, I
want the entire money from the insurance.  So while talking about this,
finally after six months, after
seven months, on 12124,
a mail was sent to him in which it was written
that they will give you Rs 37 lakh 76250,
that is, they will give it after deducting 25%, so
he asked them why will you deduct 25%, then
they said no no no we
can give this much money and you will have to
give its bond and if you give the bond then we will make
this payment to you.
He then talked to him and asked him to convince him to meet him.  Please
tell me the reason why you are
deducting my money.  He had a
conversation with Subhash Singh ji on 21124.
They also met before that.  In that he
said that he will give you Rs 381875.
He even wrote it down on paper and
gave it to them.  First I sent it by mail and then I wrote it down on paper.
Now what happened after that?  He
said, tell me the reason
why you want to pay less money?  Where is it written in the policy
that you will give me less money?  So
they threatened them that if you do
not take less money then we will
not give you even a single penny of the claim.  Do whatever you want to do.  I
heard about such hooliganism and mischief by an employee of an insurance company.
We have his entire conversation recorded.
Subhash Singh ji's entire speech is recorded.
Then there is Vipin Tyagi ji from
Kanpur.  He contacted him.
He said, whatever has to be done, Subhash Singh
ji will do it.  Now when Subhash ji was contacted,
he said no no sir, Vipin Tyagi
ji is not asking for it.  When both of them were
talked to repeatedly, they said, sir, our head office people are
not agreeing.  He said give the number to the head office people.
So he said we do not give numbers.
So these poor people are not able to understand anything.   He remained
continuously entangled in the affairs of this company.
His agent, Mr. Ghanshyam,
also did not support him at all.
He said, I can't do anything.
These companies are big and they have a lot of
relations with IRDA and the
ministries, so we cannot fight with them.
Whatever he says, you have to believe it
and if you don't believe it, you ca
n't do anything.  It is like when the
British were in the country, people did not obey their orders, so
our indigenous people who worked under them used to
kill the Indians.  You will remember
that General Dry did
not fire a single shot in the water garden.  He had ordered to
fire and it was the Indians who fired.
Similarly, the owner of ICICI General
Insurance Company, who is sitting
abroad and the head here, who is in
cahoots with the foreigners,
gives such orders to his people that you should not make the claim.
You collect the money and take the premium from them,
like in this case they took Rs. 70000
premium from more than one person and did not give the claim.  Now
when they contacted us, we did
all the verification.
We are making this video after completing the verification.
We did the verification,
Vikas Verma ji,
you came to me, after that you called Subhash ji,
what answer did you get?
Subhash ji says that now I had told you to
take this much money and cast your vote.
You didn't do it at that time.  Now we can't do anything.
Your file has been closed.
Then I myself went and called Subhash ji and said
that I have received such a complaint
in the Consumer Protection Cell, please
tell me what is there in it, then he said that
this case is not with me, it is
with Vipin ji, the case is with Vipin Tyagi ji in Kanpur,
Vipin Tyagi ji's number is also
flashing below.  Now what happened after that
?  We called Vipin Tyagi ji.
He said no no no the final
surveyor was engaged but we do not know the price,
we cannot tell you the name, the
name is not in our records, our file has
gone to the head office, they started giving such excuses,
then there is a senior in the same company,
Mr. Son Mandal, I called him and said
sir, please tell me what can be done, then
he gave me the number of Avtar Singh ji,
his number is also flashing below,
he says he is the
head of commercial claims of North India, I
shared that number with Vikas Verma ji also and Vikas
Verma ji called him and I also
called him.  He also could not tell whether there is
any final survey in this or not.
We called Mr. Gosai, who was the sports
surveyor in Kanpur.  He said, yes,
I have done the spot survey
and on top of that, Vipin Tyagi ji
put a lot of pressure on Mr. Goswami to
give the final surveyor's report as well, which
Mr. Goswami, being a good surveyor,
refused to give.  He said that
I
cannot give the report until I inspect the vehicle.  What did you do in this?
What is the IIDA guideline that
you will conduct a final survey within 72 hours and
finalize the claim.  If you don't do it then this is the rule, this is the
guidelines of IID, in the 2024
circular of IID it is written that you will
pay the interest of FD plus 2% interest,
if it is seen then as on date, their
claim was made in April 2024, one and a half
year has passed, so including the interest of one and a half year,
they should get at least ₹ lakh as on date, but
instead of giving the money the company people are not even ready to talk.  Now neither
Subhash picks up his phone, nor
Vipin picks up his phone, nor Avtar Singh
ji picks up his phone.  We call Avtar Singh ji continuously.
He doesn't pick it up.  Please
call Avtar Singh ji once in
front of us.  Look, he is calling Avtar Singh ji.
You will see that he will not pick up the phone.
The bell will keep ringing.  And sometimes even
when you pick up the phone and make 10 or 20 calls, they say this and
send a message, I am busy, it
means there is a
story like that of Chor and Chatur,
he has connected the phone
to Avtar Singh ji, this is flashing, this is flashing,
Avtar ji's phone,
look the bell is ringing but he will not
pick up the phone,
he disconnected
it, we are connecting again, see he has connected the
phone again.  He is not picking up the phone.
Meaning he is not even picking up the phone.  They are
not even telling anything.  Now listen to the next thing.
A letter was sent to him stating that his file had been
closed.  Your claim has been made no claim.
That your claim has been made no claim.
Ok?  This letter came on 5
February 2025.  Below it is written that if
you have any problem
then you can
talk on some numbers given below.   There
is a number in it which is picked up by an AI
girl and she talks in such a way that you
cannot say anything.  Both the numbers are similar
and the person who has
signed the letter neither has any
name nor any address of the person
who has written this letter.  Wrote Authorized Signatory and
signed.  Now if you want to do
something against this then you can contact.
Who can I contact?
No one has any number.  Well, we will try to connect the
member of the online GI Council, their CEO, who is
their head,
Mr. Sanjeev Mantri of ICICI General Insurance India.
His phone number is 02
619612,
you should also note it down, it is flashing below as well, if you
ever wake up in life then you should tell
me that day this news will come, his phone is
not picked up, the bell keeps ringing and everyone can
complain about him, neither IIDAI is
listening nor our country's Finance
Ministry is listening, nor the Secretary,
Joint Secretary, Director of Delhi Financial Service, anyone is
listening, all of them are enjoying the money of the consumers
and are
taking money from them to harass them.  The government
makes a policy that you have to get insurance.   A
person takes insurance so that if he ever suffers a loss,
he will get the money.  Now you tell me whether
such a company like ICICI General Insurance
Company should be banned in India.  The
company which did not conduct the final survey for one and a half years.
Finally, when Gosai Saheb did
not prepare the final survey report, now
when we talked to him latest, he said,
yes, we have conducted a survey.  So he said
Fast TVS Insurance Surveyors and
Loss Assessors are from Delhi.  Fast TVS
I said sir when did they conduct the survey?
He said he cannot tell this.  Brother, I ca
n't even tell you when you planted it.  So till February he is
writing mail to Gosai Saheb asking him to
prepare the final survey report.  So
this means that this survey must have been conducted only after the final, in February, and
not when they had
not prepared the report. They must have thought that when we
repeatedly asked who is the final survey, when
they felt that they have to include someone's name, then
they included this name.  A Fastius
Insurance Survey and Loss Assessor
is a company
whose license has been cancelled by IRDA on December 11.
Fastigious Insurance Surveyors
and Loss Assessors is the company that says
we have taken the report from it.  Whereas they did
not conduct any survey.  Did you have
anyone from First Eich Insurance Survey?
No one came.
No one came to him.  When no one
came to conduct the survey, then even if they have prepared the report, then
how did they do it when the company was
banned by IRDA on December 11, so
such thieves, such thieves, such companies, such fraud
companies are operating in this country and
see the share rate in the market, if you
work in the share market, it is going so
high because they are looting
India, then who is responsible for this loot?
Who will help them?
Sir, I would also like to tell you one small thing.
Today I am remembering one thing.
I once spoke to Ghanshyam ji,
who is our agent and has done this
insurance.  He had
told me that whatever surveyor etc.
Subhash ji has offered you,
you should take it.  If the amount of Rs 100 lakh that may be inside this becomes
37 to 38 then we will get it done.
Later this claim will become no claim.
Then you will keep getting pushed.  Then you
will go to court, do this,
you will get nothing.  So see, every
person got insurance done.  His truck
burned down.
How much he was mistreated.  What a
huge fraud it was.  You should understand this.  So,
I request you to make this video
viral.  It should reach the people and everyone should know
that ICICI General Insurance
Company is a fraud.
Such a campaign should be run against this company in India that this
company should be banned in India.  This
is a private insurance company.  They neither have an
army at their office nor do they have any
office.  No one gets these.   They
say on the phone that whatever we have said,
accept it.  If you don't agree then do whatever you want.
So the new Chairman of IRDA,
Mr. Ajay, should think about this a little.  If
you lodge any complaint in the IRDA cell, an
automatic response comes.  There is no action from his side.
I feel that
all these IRDA officers and
Finance Ministry officers do
not know what these private companies give,
due to which no action is taken against them.
They are looting Indians, weak Indians, poor
Indians.  She is openly looting
and openly committing fraud.  There
is no action on this.  I request all of you to make
this video so viral that if
any person from ICICI General Insurance Company
comes in front of you, he should
feel insulted.  And I
want to request the employees of ICICI company
not to shoot at Indians like General Dyer.
Taking orders from the General Director, you should do the work which is
legally correct.  Everyone knows that the claim
is payable and he himself has written it down.
Whatever I have said, the recording of this true thing is
lying in our office.
Whoever wants to listen to it, whoever doubts that
something is wrong in it.  We have all the recordings
of these people.  These are the letters of these people.
These people have Le Mails.  Here
he accepted that the claim is correct.
So this is the first time I have seen this kind of fraud
where it was written down that you will be given the
claim and later it was said that you will not be given any claim and you can do whatever you want.
So my request is to the
Finance Ministry, my request is
to IRDA, my request is
to DFS to take some action after watching this video
and my request is to ICICI
Labour General Insurance, if even one
person among them is truthful, then they should look into this case and
understand it and apologize to this consumer and
pay his claim.  Thank you.